#include <iostream>

int main(){

 int penny, nickel, dime, quarter, half_dollar, doller;

		std::cout << "How many pennies do you have?\n\n";
		std::cin >> penny;
		
		// conversion
		doller = 1;
		half_dollar = doller /2;
		quarter = doller / 4;
		dime = doller / 10;
		nickel = doller / 20;
		penny = doller/100;
		
		

		
		

			// singular and plural condition
			//  if (penny == 1 && nickel == 1 && dime == 1 && quarter == 1 && half_dollar == 1 && doller == 1){					
					std::cout <<" You have " << penny << " penny" <<"\n"
							  <<" You have " << nickel << " nickel" <<"\n"
							  <<" You have " << dime << " dime" <<"\n"
							  <<" You have " << quarter << " quarter" <<"\n"
							  <<" You have " << half_dollar << " half dollar" <<"\n"
							  <<" You have " << doller << " dollar" <<"\n";
			// }  else {
			// 		std::cout <<" You have " << penny << "pennies" <<"\n"
			// 				  <<" You have " << nickel << "nickels" <<"\n"
			// 				  <<" You have " << dime << "dimes" <<"\n"
			// 				  <<" You have " << quarter << "quarters" <<"\n"
			// 				  <<" You have " << half_dollar << "half dollars" <<"\n"
			// 				  <<" You have " << doller << "dollars" <<"\n";
			//  }

	system("pause");
	return 0;
}
/*Write a program that prompts the user to enter some number of pennies
(1-cent coins), nickels (5-cent coins), dimes (10-cent coins), quarters
(25-cent coins), half dollars (50-cent coins), and one-dollar coins (100-
cent coins). Query the user separately for the number of each size coin,
e.g., “How many pennies do you have?” Then your program should
print out something like this:
Click here to view code image
You have 23 pennies.
You have 17 nickels.
You have 14 dimes.
You have 7 quarters.
You have 3 half dollars.
The value of all of your coins is 573 cents.

Make some improvements: if only one of a coin is reported, make the
output grammatically correct, e.g., 14 dimes and 1 dime (not 1 dimes).
Also, report the sum in dollars and cents, i.e., .73 instead of 573 cents.*/
