SECTION A — SWITCH-STATEMENTS (3.4.1.2)

Drill 1 — Valid or Invalid? (Write WHY)

1. switch(x) {
    case x:
Invalid- as we cant take value from switch() and put it in case.
**case requires a compile-time constant (integral constant expression)

2. switch(ch) {
    case 'a':
Valid if ch is a constant char and a is a int or char not string.
**'a' is a character constant (allowed).

3. switch(num) {
    case 2 + 3:
invalid - expression not allowed in as case initialization
**2 + 3 is a constant expression (evaluates to 5 at compile time). Constant expressions are allowed in case.

4. switch(op) {
    case "*":
invalid- as case doesnt allow special char and "" commas in it (as far as i remember)
** "*" is a string literal (type const char*) — not allowed as case. If you used single quotes like case '*' (a char) that would be valid.
**A string literal is a sequence of characters enclosed within double quotes (")

5. switch(flag) {
    case true:
invalid- as true is no identified and case use ' ' for initialization 
Valid if flag is an integral-like value (e.g. bool or int). bool is fine; case true: is a valid constant label.
**An integar value is a single, discrete, whole number value that can be represented exactly by the computer and used for counting, indexing, and exact comparisons.

Drill 2 — Fall-through (Predict Output)

Ans-  B, C
as case of int x is initialized from 2 so it fallthrough 2 and 3 then break.

Drill 3 — Choose IF or SWITCH

1.Check if speed is >100 → ticket, else OK
Ans- if 
if(speed>100)

2.Check grade: A, B, C, D, F
Ans- switch
switch (grade) 
case 'A', 'B', 'C', 'D', 'F'

3.Check temperature: below 0, 0–30, above 30
Ans- if
if(temperature<0 || temperature >=30 || temperature >30 )

4.Check command: 'n', 's', 'e', 'w'
Ans- switch
switch (command) case 'n', 's', 'e', 'w'

Drill 4 — Write a switch mapping
Ans- dont know how to
**
Read a single char c.

Convert to lowercase (optional), then switch(c):

case 'm': → print "Monday"; break;

case 't': → print "Tuesday"; break;

case 'w': → print "Wednesday"; break;

default: → print "unknown day".




SECTION B — WHILE-STATEMENTS (3.4.2.1 Iteration)

Drill 5
output: 0, 1, 2

Drill 6
Ans- No 
explaination:-as n is more then 0, but n has been initialized as 5.
** n never changes inside the loop, so n > 0 remains true forever.

Drill 7

int i = 1;
while(i <= 5)
    cout << i++;

Drill 8

Ans- unsafe
Explaination - it will create a loop input cycle, may break code (just an intution)
** Explanation: cin >> x returns cin, which converts to true if the read succeeded and false on EOF or failure. 
This pattern cleanly reads until EOF or bad input. It’s not “unsafe” — it’s the normal C++ idiom for reading streams.

Drill 9
no idea, please explain how (answer in the same style you asked so i will learn to build logic)
**
Keep reading numbers
Stop when user enters -1
Print the sum of all numbers except -1

while(cin >> i ){
    if(i == -1)
        break;
        cout<< i <<'\n';
        sum += i;
    }
    cout<< sum <<'\n';


Drill 10 
same as Drill 9

